⚒️ Updating, fixing and removing broken links (#1745)
tinacms/tina.io: content/blog/evolution-of-inline-editing.md

### Ref-Based Inline Editing

> `useFieldRef` is the first part of an experimental new API for creating a ref-based inline editing experience with Tina. With `useFieldRef`, inline editing components are defined in the form configuration, and you assign a [ref](https://reactjs.org/docs/refs-and-the-dom.html) to the component in your layout that the field should attach to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useFieldRef` is the first part of an experimental new API for creating a ref-based inline editing experience with Tina. With `useFieldRef`, inline editing components are defined in the form configuration, and you assign a [ref](https://react.dev/learn/referencing-values-with-refs#refs-and-the-dom) to the component in your layout that the field should attach to.
```

Point to the new react docs
